(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Melissa)
Once again, Jack Atlas
proves he has plenty o' pluck
and snatchesvictory from
the jaws of destruction!
The protesters have spread out
all across New Domino City.
Attention, people
of New Domino!
The chaos you are witnessing
in our fine city is proof
that the High Council
has failed you!
To ensure order, I have no
choice but to assume
fullauthority over this city
and its government
He's lying!
He's using the chaos
so he can take over the City!
But people‐‐ both Commons and
Topsiders‐‐ you can't let him!
The City belongs to you!!
So you gotta
work together...
Zuzu!
Yuya, if you can hear me,
you have to convince them to
stopfighting with each
other.
I know you can do it.
Dueltain your way
into their hearts!
Yuya!
Hop on!
Your attention, please!
Jack Atlas and I are about
to duke it out
in the final bout
of the Friendship Cup!
I will have
to shut you down!
I regret to inform you
that the council has relieved
you of yourduties, Roget.
We are also ordering all
security forces to disengage
from further combat.
Jack and I will put on a show
guaranteed to rock every
block
in this metropolis!
And when it's over.
you're gonna find
that there's a new King!
The King...
of Dueltaining!
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Roget)
To the protestors
who disagree with my rule...
Who think they have the right to
stand in defiance against me...
Let me remind you all...
That I, Jean Michel Roget,
am the one and only person
who decides what
happens in my city!
So if you're not backing down,
I will be forced
to break you down!
(Roget)
Attention all Sector
Security units...
Enter the Duel Palace
and arrest Yuya,
Jack and the rest
of thetraitors.
(whimpering)
Guess they got
scared and decided
to hightail it
outta here.
They can run,
but they can't hide!
Let's get 'em!
(man)
Time to rock
and roll 'em!
(overlapping shouts)
Looks like Security's finally
found us!
We can't let them stop Yuya
from dueling Jack
when the whole City's watching!
(screaming)
(Gong)
You're up Sylvio!
Sylvio's up!
And he's ready to bring
the house down!
And action!
Abyss Actor ‐ Superstar
upstage the competition!
Flower Cardian Lightshower,
time for you to slice and dice!
(groans)
Attack!
Raid Raptor Rise Falcon,
Ravaging Rebellion!
Enough tiptoeing around
it's time to end
this once and for all!
Ragnarok attack!
And show them
who reigns supreme!
Who do these Lancers
think they are?
Their interference
is going to ruin everything!
(guards groaning)
Riley...
(Riley)
Sector Security...
If you've
got the stuff, kid.
Then don't be afraid to use it,
'cause when you do,
there won't be anybody
who'll be able to stop you.
Listen up, Sector Security!
You don't have a chance
of beating me!
I'm gonna be gritty, just like
Jack said, so watch out!
I Synchro Summon!
C/C/C Rock Blaster
of Battle!
Here goes.
Rock Blaster of Battle, come on,
let's rock this battle!
Huh?
Pretty good, huh?
(guards groaning)
Whoa... Those guys
trashed Security!
They totally hammered 'em.
Then there's nobody left to stop
us from taking over this place!
Oh, yeah!
And the first thing we oughta do
is empty out the trash!
(man)
And that means you Topsiders
are getting the heave ho!
Let's show 'em who's boss!
(overlapping shouts)
(Jack)
Back off!
Whoa.
Huh?
Let me make one
thing perfectly clear...
In the Duel Palace, there are
only battles on the track,
notoff the track.
Everyone is equal here, so no
one is kicking anyone out,
but if you want
to watch my duel,
both Commons
and Topsidersalike,
then you're more
than welcome to stay.
The Friendship Cup
has to have a champion.
And tonight we
shall find out who!
So get set to watch the duel
of your lives New Domino!
(Roget)
He must be out of his mind!
The poor sap
still believes
he's the people's champion.
Fine, enjoy this last duel
while you can.
Because once it's done,
I'm locking you up
and throwing away the key
and then I'll take
my rightful place
as the people's champion.
♪
Oh, Yuya...
(Melissa)
If Jack Atlas says
this battle's
gonna be the duel of our lives,
I better bring on
the broadcasting!
This battle's gonna crown
a champion tonight
and I've gotta give
the rootin'est,
tootin'est commentary
this city has ever seen!
Now, this hasn't been the
friendliest of Friendship Cup's
I mean, it was supposed to bring
the City together as one,
to have some fun!
Maybe it's not too late.
(Melissa)
Ladies and gents,
young'uns and youngettes...
Exploding onto the scene
is Yuya Sakaki!
You gotta
win this, Yuya!
So that means no losing!
Oh, yeah!
Y'know what
I need, Tokmuatsu?
An agent.
I'm just as good a duelist
as Yuya is but he's the one
who gets all the top gigs!
Before you find an agent,
you might want to find
some talent first.
Maybe take a class or two.
Am I right, Sam?
Seems like a tall order
if you ask me.
Listen, pipsqueak!
I have more talent
in my little finger
than Yuya has in his
entire body!
(Gong)
Quiet!
(all)
Huh?
Here comes a real star.
Jack Atlas is about
to make his entrance.
(Melissa)
And now, soaring
through the sky is my hero,
your hero, even yourcats'
and dogs' hero, Jack Atlas!
(cheering and applause)
Who's the one
Master of Faster?
Who rules the duels?
That's right, it's me!
It's really him!
(Melissa)
Jack Atlas always has what it
takes to truly fire things up!
He's the pride
of this here City,
the star of stars,
the King of the
competition!
But he's gonna face
his toughest test yet!
The Friendship Cup
has come full circle.
It started with a duel
betweenYuya and Jack, and this
here's
their rematch for it all!
Hey, there Jack,
long time no duel.
You ready to put
on a show for these folks?
That all depends on you!
(gasps)
So far you've done
nothing to impress.
You think you've been
entertaining the crowd,
well guess again!
You want to be
a dueltainer,
but you're nothing
but a class clown.
And you're
the only one laughing.
(gasps)
That isn't true, Jack!
And I'm not a class clown.
I know I have what it takes
toput smiles back on the
faces
of everyone in New Domino
City, and my friends know it
too!
You tell 'em!
(Yuya)
It's showtime, Jack!
We must move.
And I'm ready to show
everyone what dueling is all
about!
A friend told me to dueltain
myway into the hearts of
everyone
in this city,
and that's what I'm gonna do!
Oh, so you really think
you can entertain my crowd?
You think you've
got what it takes.
We'll see about that.
Now, let's swing into action
and see if you fall flat
on your face!
This'll be one finale
of a final!
So without further ado...
Let's get this
rodeo started!
Can Yuya Sakaki dueltain his
way to victory
or will Jack Atlas
have the last laugh?
The battle begins now!
Let's fire up the Action
Field, Crossover
Acceleration!
(computer)
Duel Mode engaged.
Autopilot standing by.
(Melissa)
On your marks...
Get set...
Go!
(both)
Let's duel!
I'll kick things
into overdrive!
By summoning a monster that's
sure to help speed my way
to victory, Red Sprinter!
And since this is the only
monster on the field,
I can summon one Level
3‐or‐below Tuner Monster
from my hand.
And I choose this one...
Reveal yourself...
Red Resonator!
(Red Resonator cackling)
And watch now as my
Level 2 Red Resonator tunes
with Level 4 Red Sprinter!
(cackling)
Witness the power of this
ultimate pairing!
Witness the power of my...
Synchro Summon!
Now rise...
Red Wyvern!
(Melissa)
Whoa! Looks like Jack's
counting on history
repeating itself,
because he's making
the exact same moves
as his first duel
against Yuya!
Question is though...
Can Yuya rewrite history
and give it a different
ending thistime?
(Yuya)
That's no accident.
It's Jack's way of testing me,
to see if I stepped my game up.
Now that you've seen
my firepower...
I'll end my turn.
You're in the spotlight now,
Yuya!
And it's time to show us
how you handle the heat!
Thanks, Jack, I will!
And the crowds gonna eat up...
My next move's gonna
sizzle with excitement!
(Yuya)
Dad, this is for you.
It's showtime!
(Yuya)
(Jack)
We'll see about that!
(no audio)
(guard groaning)
(Sora)
We're in.
Saving Zuzu will be easier
than taking candy from a baby...
(Melissa)
The Friendship Cup
is just getting going!
But the action is already
heating up!
Jack Atlas summoned his
powerful Red Wyvern
and it's ready to
roast the competition.
(Yuya)
Zuzu said only I could stop
the fighting between the Commons
and Topsiders.
And to do that
I gotta put on a show
that will have everyone on
the edge of their seats!
Here goes!
Let's get started!
I set the Pendulum Scale with
Scale 1 Performapal Gumgumouton
and Scale 5 Performapal
Bubblebowwow!
I'm taking control of this duel
starting now!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
between Level 2 and 4
at the same time.
Swing far pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready to swing
into action!
It's go time,
Timebreaker Magician!
And now that I'm all finished up
Pendulum Summoning...
I'm summoning Performapal ‐
Radish Horse!
(squeals)
Wait, a minute guys...
If Pendulum Summoning lets you
summon a whole lot of monsters
all at once...
How come Yuya summoned those
two monsters one at a time?
Huh?
(Yuya)
Check this out!
(all)
Huh?
Timebreaker Magician
just gained attack points.
That's some magic trick!
When Timebreaker Magician is
Pendulum Summoned all by itself,
its attack points get doubled!
So that's why Yuya didn't
Pendulum Summon both monsters
at the same time!
Yuya's sure full of surprises
and now his Magician's
full of attack points!
Betcha Jack never saw
that coming...
A clever move, Yuya.
Of course it's clever.
It's exactly what
I would've done.
(Yuya)
So far, so good.
And Mom...
Dad...
I promise it's only
gonna get better!
Ladies and gents, may I have
your attention, please?
I now present for your
entertainment pleasure
a most unusual card...
A spell that'll turn
your frowns upside down!
Now, I, Yuya Sakaki, will
utilize this lovable, laughable,
fantastically fun card to get
you grinning from ear to ear!
So show me those happy faces
and your pearly whites!
Or not!
Now, get ready to get happy,
'cause here comes Smile World!
With this stunningly sunny
spell card, all monsters gain
100 attack points for every
monster on the field
until the end
of the turn.
That goes for all monsters
on the field...
That means Jack's Red Wyvern
also gains attack points.
Was that smart
on Yuya's part?
I know Yuya wants to make
everyone smile...
But Gong didn't think
that meant Jack Atlas!
I'd never make a bonehead
move like that!
It's curtains for Yuya!
Since there are three monsters
in play right now,
each one of 'em gets
an extra 300 attack points!
But hold your horses for Radish
Horse's special ability!
It's blowing its top because Red
Wyvern loses 800 attack points!
And one monster on my field
gets to gain the same number
of attack points that
it just lost!
And I'm giving these
extra attack points
to Timebreaker
Magician!
And he's gonna gallop
his way to victory!
(all)
Yuya sure
isn't horsing around!
Yuya knew exactly what
he was doing all along.
'Course he did.
If anyone can give Jack
a run for his money,
it's Yuya.
Yuya played it exactly
the way I would have.
This is certainly a stunning
turn of events, folks!
This duel's been
so much fun.
It's great to be back
on the track and back to doing
what I do best,
entertaining the crowd
and making dad proud!
It's time to break
this duel wide open!
Timebreaker!
Trample Red Wyvern!
(Jack)
You're entertaining no one!
You haven't learned a thing
since our last duel!
I activate the trap
King's Synchro!
When you attack a Synchro
Monster on my field,
King's Synchro stops it cold.
Then I can Synchro Summon using
Red Wyvern and a Tuner Monster
in my graveyard!
I tune Level 2 Red Resonator
with Level 6 Red Wyvern!
Now, from the ancient chasms of
a lost world I awake a great
and terrible power...
I Synchro Summon...
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend!
Jack's not only shut down
Yuya's attack,
but he's brought out his
most famous flaming monster!
I really thought you would have
stepped up your game,
but you're just as clueless
as you were last time
I destroyed you.
That's not true!
I have stepped up
my game... (groans)
(Yuya)
But if Xiangke Magician
is the only card
left in my hand,
there's nothing left
I can really do.
I guess I'll end my turn.
Yuya's attack points
just got a flat tire.
He needs some roadside
assistance!
Yuya was all
smiles moments ago,
but with Smile World's
effect gone
Jack's done and brought
back the doom and gloom!
Another setback...
Aw, man...
(Jack)
What do you expect
when you keep relying
on your dad's
strategies?
What?!
And not on your own skills!
Well, my dad's dueltaining
was what made him
the greatest champion ever!
And your just
a poor imitator.
Why not dueltain like only you
can instead of copying your dad?
Be you, Yuya!
Maybe he's right.
I have to be me.
(Roget laughing)
This has been fun.
I almost hate to see it end.
But this is the end...
For both of you.
Hubuh‐wha?
There's something blocking
the road ahead‐‐ Ah!
It's Sector Security
and they're looking
to put the brakes
onthis here battle!
But no one's gonna put
the brakes on Jack!
(computer) Battle
Royal mode engaged!
Ah!
Ten on two?
That ain't fair!
(Jack)
So Roget wants to play.
Well, I'm game.
Jack and Yuya
made a fatal error.
They ignored my authority.
And anyone who makes
that mistake
must and will be punished!
(Roget) Attention
Sector Security...
Run Jack and Yuya
off the road!
Roger that.
Goyo Emperor attack,
Performapal Radish Horse!
(gasps, groans)
I activate
the Action Card Evasion!
It dodged the attack!
Well, I 'm not gonna miss!
(screams)
Ah! No!
(Jack)
I activate the trap
card Red Connection!
Listen up you want
to be crossing guards.
All of your monsters can no
longer attack, and all monsters
lose 500 attack points!
Now that I put Sector Security
on time out,
let's get back
to our duel!
It's my turn!
It seems that I expected
entirely too much
from this duel.
I guess even I make mistakes
in judgment sometimes.
And Roget, if you step on to my
track, prepare to get burned!
I activate Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend's special ability!
It destroys all monsters,
including yours Yuya!
And then delivers 500 points
of damage for each one that
perished by its flames.
Feel the heat!
(gasps)
(screaming)